Vantage Pro2 Console project (Git https://github.com/brucebeisel/Vantage-Pro2-Console.git) is software that creates a virtual console for a Davis Instruments Vantage Pro2 console.This project provides a command interface to the console and a data collector.

The driver part has the following main functions:
    1. Publish and log the current weather data being received by the console via the LOOP and LOOP2 packets
    2. Provide a command interface to configure the console. Commands include things like controlling the back light and
       setting the display units. Be warned that some of the supported commands are destructive and cannot be undone. For instance,       there is a command to clear the archive and another to clear the yearly high values.
    3. Download the archive data that is collected by the console. This provides an all but unlimited buffer for archive data.    4. An interface to retrieve the stored archive data.    5. An interface to retrieve the last 24 hours of LOOP/LOOP2 packet data. This is typically used to seed strip charts       so that they start with some amount of historical data, rather than just the data received after the chart was displayed.
The console's data collection module can hold a small amount of data (2 days to many weeks depending on the archive interval),
but this driver will store the archive data and allow it to be queried.No formal database is used to store the archive data. A previous version of this software used a MySQL database, but itbecame too difficult to maintain the software and the data itself. Instead this software stores the archive data in a simple flat file using the console's native archive packet format. Given the small amount of data, this approach simplifiesthe overall design. For reference, the console will generate approximately 5 MB a year when the archive interval is setto 5 minutes. Even at a 1 minute archive interval, it will only generate 25 MB per year. A simple indexed lookup algorithmhas been implemented to minimize data retrieval times. See the API documentation for details of the commands supported.
    
A Davis Instruments Vantage Pro2 console with a data logger (6510USB) is required for this software. Future versions may
also include the Vantage Vue console.
    
This software is designed to be built and run on a Raspberry Pi. A Raspberry Pi 4 Version B or 5 is recommended. This software is not very CPU
intensive, so any configuration should be fine.This software is easily paired with the Vantage Console Node project (Git https://github.com/brucebeisel/Vantage-Console-Node.git) that providesa web interface to this software.
